MC news.com today you here at the 2014
Island Classic would leave our day
Levi's about to take us for a lack of
the phillip island circuit on a 1972
cb500 honda take it away levi thanks
guys
yeah this is on a jerry coaster built
500 honda owned by ron angel with ron
angel classic racing so this is us comin
coming around turn 11 into 10 12 now up
for a good qualifying lap and this is
Jack right on a Manx Norton 500 a top
contender in the 500 class and yeah so
the probably the main straight at
Phillip Island a fifth year coming
around turn 12 and then sixth gear over
the finish line
the Honda gets to about 230 230 five K's
an hour and the other drum brakes take a
fair bit of a walk yeah it's very turn
one they're back to fourth gear and you
can really feel the avons working around
on this circuit as well not quite like
the modern tires of today and southern
loops definitely a lot bumpier to what I
remember it last year and the new
surface event get the good work out I
think that yeah we wind up out of here
getting ready for doing corner a focus
owner Corner sorry and this is one of my
favorite corners on the track the Honda
works really well around Phillip Island
and then again the brakes getting such a
workout into into Honda corner back down
back down to second gear and here in mg
is where it really struggles the the
Honda doesn't quite handle like that
makes Norton's but the faster corners
and it really likes it and I always try
and think about the Exeter Siberia you
can get such a good run through hey
and it all all start to the exit of
Siberia here so use all the track even
on the left-hand side here and then yeah
in 1553 hatred and then I'm back to
fourth over looky here I try not to run
it too wide so that I can be set up for
mg because again the drum brakes it's
pretty hard to stop it into mg so I try
not to come in too hot
we can get it favored - front end
chatter and that's when you can hit a
false and neutral and run off
and then on the Honda's this is my
favorite part of the track turns 11 and
12 you can really get the Honda wind up
through here and when you get a good run
you're flat out in fifth coming into
turn twelve here and then now yet here's
an all the track and then that's when we
really get it wound up for the main
straight and that's my pole position
laughs over the Olin classic 2014
you